## Privacy Policy 
Last updated: July 24, 2022    
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.      
By using this Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.      
Interpretation and Definitions      
Interpretation      
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.      
Definitions      
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:      
Application means the software program provided by the me and downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Spellbook for Amtgard or Spellbook v2 for Amtgard      
      
Company (referred to as either &quot;the Company&quot;, &quot;We&quot;, &quot;Us&quot; or &quot;Our&quot; in this Agreement) refers to Me, the developer of the Application.      
      
Country refers to: Texas, United States    
    
Device means any device that can access the Application, such as a computer, a cellphone, or a digital tablet.    
    
Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.    
    
Service refers to the Application.    

Best Kind of Pie refers to pecan pie.
    
Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).    
    
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.    
    
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data    
Types of Data Collected    
Personal Data    
While using the Service, some Personally identifiable information may be collected. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:    
Usage Data    
    
Usage Data    
Usage Data may be collected by the platform (operating system or system tools). The app itself does not do this and has no way to opt out.
Usage Data includes only what the device's operating system automatically collects. Some examples are Duration of use, uninstalls, reinstalls, and crash reports. 
Just to be clear, the Application itself never saves anything personally identifiable to a user and never will. The data saved is only the application data
Contact Us  
I don't know how anyone could have questions about this, but if you do, you can contact us by email: jxwdev@gmail.com    
    
